DONE 1. What is Open-Source?

While there are many different types of open-source software, in general, when
software is open-source, it means that the developer has made the source code, or
the original code of the application, available for the public to view, use,
redistribute, and in general learn from. 

DONE 2. Why is it so powerful?

Open-source is extremely powerful because it allows developers to learn from each
other. One of the best ways to learn to code is by learning from code written by
experienced developers. This drives powerful collaboration and innovation.

DONE 3. Quotes about open-source

To quote Intel: "open- source software offers a rich, reliable, and well-supported
path that gives ... the freedom, power, and choice to build and deliver revolutionary
solutions—faster, better, and at lower cost. Competitors become collaborators, technology
discoveries are shared, and interoperability becomes a guiding principle."
-- https://software.intel.com/sites/campaigns/sparks/OpenChoice.php

"Open source is a development method for software that harnesses the power of distributed 
peer review and transparency of process. The promise of open source is higher quality,
better reliability, greater flexibility, lower cost, and an end to predatory vendor
lock-in." -- https://opensource.org/about (OSI)

DONE 4. Who uses it, what is it good for? 

Developers: In the world of website development, open-source is key. Open-source
giants such as jQuery and Bootstrap, as well as smaller projets like Three.js (put links to individual project highlights)
drive over 65 million websites. Open-source projects such as these allow developers
access to the latest innovations in web design.

Companies: Many companies have adopted an open-source standard, and with good reason.
Not only does it promote inovation, but it also promotes better business. Statistically,
Open-Source software is more secure than proprietary software, due to the fact that
it is open to peer review, and this leads to a higher quality product. It also gives
businesses the freedom and flexibility to use the software to suit their needs, something
that is restricted by closed-source companies. On top of all this, open-source is more
cost effective, allowing companies access to cutting edge innovation for free, rather
than paying thousands for a proprietary installation.

Government: Recently, there has been a push to adopt the open-source model within
government agencies, specifically in the United States. Open-Source allows agencies
to customize software to fit their needs, making them more efficient.

DONE 5. Fun facts

As of 2011, more than 50% of businesses reportedly use an open-source model, 
and ofer 60% of all organizations use open-source APIs.and

In 2012, Gartner reported that on average, 29% of deployed code was open source.

In 2015 at least 95% of mainstream IT organizations will leverage open source 
solutions within mission critical software deployments.



6. Examples of open-source projects

    jQuery
    Bootstrap
    Bootswatch
    Classie
    FontAwesome
    Three.js

7. Learn more (blog post-style using external links)


DONE 8. Meet the team
